Updating the project scope in the ReadMe (#255)
camaraproject/QualityOnDemand: README.md

<a href="https://github.com/camaraproject/QualityOnDemand/blob/main/documentation/LICENSE.APACHE2.0" title="License"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-green.svg?style=plastic"></a>

# QualityOnDemand

Repository to describe, develop, document and test the QualityOnDemand API family

## Scope

* Service APIs for “Quality on Demand” (see APIBacklog.md)
* It provides the customer with the ability to:  
  * set quality for access network connections (e.g. mobile device connection or fixed access between a home gateway and the service providers gateway router)  
  * get notification if network cannot fulfill  

>   * NOTE: The scope of this API family should be limited the networks between the users's device (e.g. mobile phone or home gateway) and the gateway from the operator's network to other networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * NOTE: The scope of this API family should be limited to the networks between the users's device (e.g. mobile phone or home gateway) and the gateway from the operator's network to other networks.
```

Actually this "limitation" isn't any more necessary, as the same scope description is also already in line 16.

Repository to describe, develop, document and test the QualityOnDemand API family

## Scope

* Service APIs for “Quality on Demand” (see APIBacklog.md)
* It provides the customer with the ability to:  

>   * set quality for access network connections (e.g. required latency, jitter, bit rate)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * set quality for access network connections (e.g. mobile device connection or fixed access towards a home gateway)
  * set the quality to QoS profiles provided by the network operator (with e.g. certain latency, jitter and bit rate parameters)  
```

some more clarity, that it isn't possible to require arbitrary parameters.

Author: I'll incorporate this feedback, but would like to use something other than `towards a home gateway,` since this could be interpreted as only downstream flows.  What about `fixed access between a home gateway and the service providers gateway router`?

Reviewer: @RandyLevensalor get your point and totally fine with your proposal
